COMP 321 Project 1: Factors
<Insert your name and NetID.>

---(Do not write lines of text that exceed the width of this line.)------------

DESIGN DESCRIPTION

<Insert a description of your solution in English.  Describe any design
decisions that you made, such as the algorithms that you used.  Do not submit
pseudo-code.> 

Recursive:
For my recursive method, I initially thought I could implement it 
like my iterative one (a 2, 3, etc.), which actually worked for a while
but I ultimately found to be incorrect when I inputted 49.
After some brain storming, I realized that I would need to do basically
everything in a recursive helper.
My first recursive case determines if the current number is divisible
by the given factor. If it is, you recurse over the quotient of
your number divided by the factor and up your counter to show that you 
have found another prime factor.
The second recursive case deals with when you cannot evenly divide
the number by the current factor. In this case, you up the factor by 1
and recurse.
Finally, the base case catches teh last prime factor that was returned
from the final recursive case. It ups the counter and finally returns
the calculated number of prime factors.


Count Factors:
I knew that I should start with the lowest prime number and attempt to 
divide the number by it as long as I could, incrementing a counter each time.
I then needed to check every integer from 3 to the square root of
the number (because thats the highest factor possible), and divide by each
integer until no longer possible, again incrementing the counter.
Finally, if n was not 2, the lowest prime number, by the end, you know that
you have landed on your last prime number so you increment count again and
return the count.

Count Distinct:
The basic logic for this was the same as non-distinct. However, I knew
I needed to have something to store prime factors each time they were
discovered for the first time. When a prime factor was found, I 
needed to check to see if it was already in this array before incrementing.
If it wasn't, I added it to the array and incremented the count. When
making the array in the beginning, I simply created an array of size
square root of the given number (see above for why) and initialized
each element to be zero.

TESTING STRATEGY

<Insert a detailed description of your testing strategy: at a minimum
you should explain how you tested your code, how you selected your inputs,
what those inputs were, and why you believe those inputs were sufficient
to test your code.>

TESTS:
1) Invalid inputs
	Ex: n = 1
2) The smallest prime
	Ex: n = 2
3) This integer's prime factorization is the same as the non-prime
	 factorization.
	Ex: 6
4) One Distinct, Repeating Factor
	Ex: 32
5) A number that has prime factors, none of which are 2 or 3
	Ex: 3451
6) Huge non-prime
	Ex: 4294967295
7) Huge prime
	Ex: 4294967291
8) The square of a prime factor
	Ex: 49
9) Prime factor to the third
	Ex: 323
I ensure that I am actually finding the PRIME factorization, not just
the normal factorization. I verified that my absolute base case, 2,
worked before anything else. I wanted to make sure that I counted all 
the way through when given a number with lots of factors, all of which
the same. Further, this was great for testing distinct. Non-distinct
would be 5 while distinct would be 1. In one of my initial recursive
methods, it only worked when 2 and/or 3 were the factors. I realized
the issue through testing. I had to make sure my iterative method was
complete and efficient so it would be able to run the largest
possible integers, prime or not prime. I needed to also ensure that
my solutions worked for integers with only distinct prime
factorizations, only non-distinct, and a mix of the two.
